## 📈 [Data Visualisation & Reporting in Excel](https://1drv.ms/x/c/64aa8f9adf74b55e/EcN3k17gIDRAhXerrJNQvdsBdjxb0veTxX5tGpfxh959ag?e=p4ZofA)   

> You can access and download the file directly on GitHub (recommended for better interactivity) or view the cloud-hosted version via OneDrive using the embedded link above.   

This Excel file presents reporting and visualisation of sales data from a retail company from 2019 to 2020. This file contains:   
- **Data** sheet: Raw, cleaned data of a retail company, detailling customers, orders, products, and shipping information
- **Order** & **Sales** sheet: Reports summarising and analysing sales data using `Pivot tables`. The **Order** sheet provides a monthly breakdown of the number of orders made by each salesperson, while the **Sales** sheet presents quarterly revenue generated by each salesperson.   
- **Summary** sheet: This sheet contains a summary table of monthly revenue for all salespeople, and two charts outlining total sales by continent and region. Tools used:   
✅ `Conditional Formatting`   
✅ `Sparkline`   
✅ `Data Validation`   
✅ `Charts & Graphs`   
- **Dashboard** sheet: This dynamic visualisation provides an interactive dashboard on sales performance by salesperson and year. It includes summary cards showing total revenue made by the salesperson by region, along with two charts that track the salesperson's performance throughout the year, broken down by months and quarters. Key tools used:   
✅ `Slicers`   
✅ `Charts & Graphs`   
✅ `Camera Tool`   
- **Calcs** sheet: This sheet is used for calculation of the summary cards used in the **Dashboard** sheet. It used `Pivot table` to process and organise the data.
